Power Launch Formula will require some effort in terms of time and money, the minimum,
but you have to make some effort, therefore, from the beginning I want you to know what it is going to serve you, what are the benefits.
We start with the broadest definition, it is a formula, it really is a very practical guide,
that helps you launch innovative products and services with success, it is not a matter of launching, but it is a matter of taking them to success.
And also minimizing risks.
We start with the goal, the goal is to reach Product Market Fit, we have said that it was to launch them successfully,
and success is the criterion, the moment you reach Product Market Fit, you will have a very solid base to build a great company.
I want you to know that there are really few innovative projects that reach it, almost all of them are left on the way,
because they do not know how to do it, and the consequence is that they either die or become mediocre companies,
like all the others, that do not take off, that do not scale.
But anyway, I want you to redefine your goal, the goal is to achieve your dream, modify it.
If what you want is to be a successful entrepreneur, a successful businessman, if you want to be successful,
if you want to do something beautiful, dedicate yourself to something you like, if you want your current company to reach the next level,
I don't know, set your goal.
Why? Because I guarantee you that you will be trained, you will have the knowledge and the method to achieve it.
And this is very important, we are going to do it with the least investment and with the least risk possible.
We are very aware that 90% of projects fail, so what we are going to do, what we have designed is a formula that allows us to take risks
as we validate the hypotheses progressively.
So, the moment you have, for example, to create the first version of your product, which will require some investment,
at that moment we will have validated the main hypotheses, we will be very sure that we have something that is solid,
we have something that makes sense.
By the way, we can apply all this if we launch new projects, with ideas that you have now, with ideas that arise,
maybe you are a businessman and you want to evolve, or we will also apply it with your current projects or companies.
Many of you are entrepreneurs, you already have projects in progress, but they have not reached Product Market Fit.
We are going to incorporate this, we are going to prevent you from making the usual mistakes of continuing to push that model
and that you continue to look for, evolving the value proposition until you reach Product Market Fit.
The problem, as we have said many times, is that this is very difficult, and also the proof of this is that almost everyone makes the same mistakes.
And why? For many reasons. One of them is because Lean Startup is too theoretical.
Lean Startup is spectacular. I remember an article in Harvard Business Review that said something like that,
Lean Startup changed everything, and I really believe it.
What happens is that there are millions of people who know Lean Startup, understand the concepts, but then they are not able to apply them.
Why? Because Lean Startup is too theoretical. And because you have to break too many mental barriers.
So what we have done is to turn that philosophy into a practical guide.
And why? Because as it is very practical, as it is a step-by-step method, it is like forcing us to make good decisions.
It prevents us from being dragged by traditional thinking and that we make the mistakes that ultimately lead to failure.
I also want you to know that Power Launch Formula is not a practical guide for Lean Startup.
What we have done is incorporate a series of tools that we consider to be key to determining the success or failure,
that help a lot and that people do not do. They do not use them.
For example, you are going to work on the Customer Persona, you are going to work very well on the script of all the messages that you are going to use in all your communications.
You are going to work on a dashboard with the main metrics of your business model.
We want you to be the best in the world launching successful models.
And I'm going to end with a reflection. It is something that we usually say and it is that the key, the competitive advantage, what puts you to another level is knowledge, is the method.
And instead there are people, when we see, I don't know, talks with entrepreneurs, who talk about what are the keys and say things like, I don't know, passion, optimism, perseverance and things like that.
I think that's nonsense. That is necessary but not enough.
Because only with that, with hard work, with passion and things like that, what you are going to do is fail like everyone else in 90% of cases.
And I think that is not what we want. What we have to do is acquire the knowledge, know the method and apply it to the dashboard.
And besides that, it will accompany us for life because opportunities will arise throughout your life.
Another benefit is that you are going to gain a lot of confidence. You are going to gain a lot of security.
I really like basketball and I'm going to make a comparison. Imagine how Michael Jordan had to feel when he played in the 90s and when he was the best.
Well, we want you to have that confidence. We want you to feel the best once you acquire that knowledge, you feel fully trained.
And I'm going to compare it with our personal case. We are on our way to achieving one of the greatest success cases in the startup world in Spain.
Our life has already changed and our life will change a lot more in the coming years. I will not go into details.
But I guarantee you one thing, we are super calm. And why are we so calm? Because we feel like Michael Jordan.
We feel confident. Because we are smarter than the others? No. It is not because of that. It is because we have acquired the knowledge.
It is because we apply the methods to the dashboard. And that gives us the security that we are going to make good decisions.